-Hit it!
-[funky music playing]
♪ It takes two to make
a thing go right ♪
♪ ♪
-♪ It takes two
to make it outta sight ♪
-♪ Hit it ♪
♪ I wanna rock right now ♪
♪ I'’m Rob Base
and I came to get down ♪
♪ I'’m not
internationally
known ♪
♪ But I'’m known
to rock a microphone ♪
♪ Because I get stupid,
I mean outrageous ♪
♪ Stay away from me
if you'’re contagious ♪
♪ Ladies love me,
girls adore me ♪
♪ I mean even the ones
who never saw me ♪
♪ Like one,
two, three,
get loose now ♪
♪ It takes
two to make ♪
♪ It takes two
to make a thing ♪
[crowd cheering]
Yes, it'’s  Lip Sync Battle!
It is going down tonight,
and things are about
to get pitch-y.
But to keep everything in tune,
the hit-maker, the beat-slayer,
your host, LL Cool J!
[Headsprung plays]
♪ They call me Big L'’y ♪
-♪ Big Silly ♪
-♪ What ♪
♪ Big money, Big Billy ♪
-Hands up!
-♪ When I'’m sliding in
them all, can ya hear me ♪
-Hands up!
-♪ I be sexing wit these bars
so ya feel me ♪
♪ Up in the club, we be ♪
♪ Posting the back ♪
Let me hear you say, "Yeah!"
-Crowd: Yeah!
-Say, "Hell, yeah!"
Crowd: Hell, yeah!
She'’s inspirational.
She'’s sensational.
She'’s Chrissy Teigen.
[crowd cheers, applause]
The vibes are right.
Energy is tight.
With that, welcome
to  Lip Sync Battle.
-Chrissy: Yes!
-[cheers and applause]
Let'’s get this show
kicked off.
[dramatic music playing]
They'’ve won multiple
Grammy awards.
Have amassed 14 million
subscribers on YouTube...
-Chrissy: Whoo!
-...with nearly three billion
video views,
two number one albums.
Make some noise for Scott,
Mitch, Kirstin,
-and Kevin.
-[crowd cheers]
Pentatonix!
[wild cheers and applause]
Oh my God!
You guys!
-Kirstin: Thank you!
-[cheering continues]
I hope this sound resonates
with the people at home.
-I have never--
I have chills.
-Whoo!
I have never seen
a crowd like this for
any of our guests ever.
-Wow!
-Chrissy: This is like--
-[crowd cheering]
-Chrissy: I'’m not kidding.
[cheering continues]
So you guys can head over
to the VIP, have a seat.
-[crowd cheers]
-LL: We'’ll get this
thing started.
[cheering continues]
Kirstin is about to take
the stage by storm.
She makes beautiful music
with the fellows of Pentatonix,
but she'’s set
to prove that tonight,
it'’s all about the ladies.
Let'’s check her out.
[cheering and applause]
I need to practice
getting out of the tub.
Choreographer:
Yeah, yeah, and you know,
-we can always put
a body next to you, too.
-Kirstin: Okay.
I'’m honestly excited
that we don'’t have to sing,
because with
acapella especially,
it'’s, like, worse if
we'’re doing acapella
if I'’m walking down the stairs,
and like, trying to shuffle.
[indistinct chattering]
-Did you meet Todd yet?
-No, I didn'’t.
Hi, how are you?
-Nice to meet you. Great.
-I'’m doing okay. Let's do it.
I'’m so excited.
I press the champagne button
-and I'’m ready to go.
-[Chrissy laughs]
[ding]
I'’m also really excited
cause sometimes,
especially within acapella--
Ooh! You better
get outta here.
Kevin:
Heard you were
talking a little--
-I heard you were
talking smack.
-Never!
I'’m gonna let Kevin
do a lot of talk,
and then we'’ll see who wins.
-Huh, Kevin?
-[crowd cheers]
[Look What
You Made Me Do plays]
♪ I don'’t like
your little games ♪
-♪ Don'’t like
your tilted stage ♪
-[Mitch shrieks, laughs]
♪ The role you made me play ♪
-♪ Of the fool,
but I don'’t like you ♪
-♪ Oh ♪
♪ But I got smarter ♪
♪ I got harder
in the nick of time ♪
♪ Honey, I rose up
from the dead ♪
♪ I do it all the time ♪
♪ I'’ve got a list of names ♪
♪ And yours is in red,
underlined ♪
♪ I check it once,
then I check it twice, oh! ♪
♪ Ooh, look what
you made me do ♪
♪ Look what you made me do ♪
♪ Look what you just
made me do ♪
made me, ooh ♪
♪ Look at what
you made me do ♪
♪ Look what you made me do ♪
♪ Look what you just
made me do ♪
♪ Look what you
just made me do ♪
♪ I don'’t trust nobody
and nobody trusts me ♪
♪ I'’ll be the actress
starring in your bad dreams ♪
♪ I don'’t trust nobody
and nobody trusts me ♪
♪ I'’ll be the actress
starring in your bad dreams ♪
♪ Ooh, look what
you made me do ♪
♪ Look what you made me do ♪
♪ Look what you
just made me do ♪
♪ Look what you just
made me do ♪
♪ Look what you made me do ♪
♪ Look what you
made me do ♪
♪ Look what you just
made me, ooh ♪
♪ Look at what
you made me do ♪
♪ Look what you made me do ♪
♪ Look what you
just made me do ♪
♪ Look what you just
made me do ♪
[cheers and applause]
LL:Whoa!
Chrissy:
Oh.
LL:
Whoa!
[hisses]
-LL: Yes, ma'’am.
-[Chrissy meowing]
-[cheering and applause]
-LL: Kirstin.
Chrissy:
Oh my God!
Me, and Olivia,
and Meredith.
Oh, great!
-Puss-Puss and...
-[crowd laughs]
Gene. We loved it!
-That was insane!
-[crowd cheers]
[Chrissy shrieks]
We'’re not-- we're not
really used to seeing you
in these kind of outfits.
-This is like--
-I know!
-Surprise!
I'’m just kidding.
-This another level.
-[cheering]
-Mitch: You looked hot.
I'’m-- I'm more nervous
for my performance
now that I saw that.
-I'’m a little stressed out.
-[crowd cheers]
I feel the same way.
Alright, Kirstin, you can
head over to the VIP.
-Great job.
-[cheering]
Kirstin set the table
for her group-mates.
And for the other
members of Pentatonix,
the battle for the belt
is an uphill climb.
The competition is about to go
up a few more octaves.
Come on back.
It'’s  LSB.
-It'’s  LSB, baby.
-And there'’s
a snake.
-Come on back.
-There'’s a snake!
♪ Ooh, look what
you made me do ♪
♪ Look what you
made me do ♪
-♪ It takes two to make
a thing go right ♪
-[crowd cheers]
Lip Sync Battle is back.
Pentatonix is in the building,
and Scott is locked and loaded.
Let'’s check him out backstage,
and see how he'’s putting
together a performance
that'’ll leave the audience
on a high note.
[cheers and applause]
-What? Oh, hi, guys.
-All: ♪ Chrissy ♪
♪ We love you ♪
♪ You'’re beautiful ♪
♪ And we love you today ♪
I am just so excited to see
the audience'’s reaction
to what I'’m doing.
Everyone get in
your first spots!
♪ ♪
A lot of our fans are coming
and I feel like
they'’re gonna freak out.
-Scott: How did rehearsal go?
-I haven'’t even done it yet.
-You haven'’t done it?
-I haven'’t done anything.
-Not even learned
your choreography?
-No!
You are going down.
I'’ve literally rehearsed
1,000 times.
I have not-- really?
[crowd screams loudly]
This whole show is like
an adult playground.
Like anything you can think of,
it can become a reality.
It'’s- it's seriously
a dream come true.
It'’s been so much fun.
[crowd cheers]
-♪ I'’ve been here all night ♪
-♪ Ariana ♪
♪ I'’ve been here all day ♪
[Side to Side plays]
♪ And boy, got me
walkin'’ side to side ♪
♪ I'’m talkin' to ya ♪
♪ See you standing over there
with your body ♪
♪ Feeling like I wanna
rock with your body ♪
♪ And we don'’t gotta
think '’bout nothin' ♪
♪ These friends keep
talkin'’ way too much ♪
♪ Say I should give you up ♪
♪ Can'’t hear them no, 'cause I ♪
♪ I'’ve been here all night ♪
♪ I'’ve been here all day ♪
♪ And, boy, got me
walkin'’ side to side ♪
♪ Side to side ♪
♪ This the new style
with the fresh type of flow ♪
♪ If you wanna ménage,
I got a tricycle ♪
♪ All these bitches,
flows is my mini-me ♪
♪ Body smoking, so they
call me young Nicki chimney ♪
♪ Rappers in they feelings
cause they feelin'’ me ♪
♪ Uh, I-I give zero ...
and I got zero chill in me
♪ I'’ve been here all night ♪
♪ I'’ve been here all day ♪
♪ Been here all day baby ♪
♪ And, boy, got me
walkin'’ side to side ♪
♪ Side to side ♪
♪ I'’ve been here all night ♪
♪ Been here all night, baby ♪
♪ I'’ve been here all day ♪
♪ All day, baby ♪
♪ And boy, got me
walkin'’ side to side ♪
♪ Side to side ♪
[cheers and applause]
Yo!
LL:
I was so hyper-focused
on you...
[chuckles]
...that I barely noticed
the naked men in the shower.
[cheers and applause]
That is such a good song.
-Thank you!
-Ariana, I love you!
-[cheers and applause]
-So, Mitch, Mitch...
what did you think of Scott'’s--
his whole number?
His workout? His outfit?
-I...
-[cheers and applause]
I'’m seriously-- [laughing]
I am blown away.
That was so impressive!
Thank you!
Mitch:
It was so good!
I feel like...
-Scott: Thanks, babe.
-I feel like you were
living your fantasy,
and I'’m so proud.
-[cheers and applause]
-Scott: Thank you.
Alright, Scott, you can jog
on over to the VIP.
[cheers and applause]
Mitch is next up,
and he can'’t rely
on his impressive
five-octave vocal range
to move the crowd.
He'’s backstage
cooking up a performance
that'’s sure to put
Scott, Kirstin, and Kevin
under pressure.
-Let'’s see what he's got.
-[cheers and applause]
You know, I'’m actually
not a competitive person,
but when I was thinking
about it more, I was like...
I have to win.
I'’m just nervous
about nailing everything.
All the hits, all the choreo.
I'’m so excited.
I'’m ready to see the dancers.
They'’re amazing.
I'’m ready to be carried
around the stage by hot men.
-Yo, what'’s up?
-Hi!
Scotty, you'’re my best friend,
but I'’m gonna
take you down tonight.
Kirsty, I'’m scared of you,
because I know
how competitive you are.
So it'’s on.
-[laughing]
-Kevin, I don'’t have any idea
what you'’re doing,
and that'’s kind of
shaking me a little bit.
But I feel like you'’re gonna
be shaken by my performance.
[laughs]
[cheers and applause]
[Bon Appétit plays]
♪ Oh ♪
-♪ Oh ♪
-♪ Cause I'’m all that
you want, boy ♪
♪ All that you can have, boy ♪
♪ Got me spread like a buffet ♪
♪ Bon a,
bon appétit, baby ♪
-♪ Whoo ♪
-♪ Looks like you'’ve
been starving ♪
-♪ You'’ve got those
hungry eyes ♪
-♪ Whoo ♪
♪ You could use some sugar ♪
-♪ '’Cause your levels
ain'’t right ♪
-♪ Whoo ♪
♪ I'’m a five-star Michelin ♪
-♪ A Kobe flown in ♪
-♪ Whoo ♪
♪ You want what
I'’m cooking, boy ♪
♪ Let me take you
under candlelight ♪
♪ We can wine and dine ♪
♪ A table for two ♪
-♪ And that'’s okay ♪
-♪ Whoo ♪
♪ If you take your time ♪
♪ Eat with your hands, fine ♪
♪ I'’m on the menu ♪
-♪ '’Cause I'm all
that you want, boy ♪
-♪ All that you want ♪
-♪ All that you
can have, boy ♪
-♪ Hey ♪
♪ Got me spread like a buffet ♪
-♪ Bon a, bon appétit, baby ♪
-♪ Bon appétit ♪
♪ Appetite for seduction ♪
-♪ Fresh out the oven ♪
♪ Melt in your mouth
kind of lovin'’ ♪
♪ Bon a, bon appétit, baby ♪
-♪ '’Cause I'm all
that you want, boy ♪
-♪ All that you want ♪
♪ All that you can have, boy ♪
♪ Got me spread like a buffet ♪
-♪ Bon a, bon appétit, baby ♪
-♪ Eat it up, eat it up ♪
♪ Appetite for seduction ♪
♪ Fresh out the oven ♪
♪ Melt in your mouth
kind of lovin'’ ♪
-♪ Bon a, bon appétit, baby ♪
-♪ Bon appétit ♪
[cheers and applause]
LL:
Yo!
Your outfit is everything!
-Thank you!
-LL: Yo.
So, Mitch, I mean,
you brought a whole new term
to this whole thing going
on here tonight.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-To the whole term "cooking"
and everything like it.
What was the experience like?
The experience-- well,
the experience was messy.
-Um...
-[cheers]
Thank you.
It was incredible.
I feel like I love the song,
and I just lived
my truth, I guess.
-[cheers and applause]
-LL: Love that!
Love that! Ain'’t nothing wrong
with living your truth.
-Alright, Kevin...
-[cheers and applause]
You'’ve toured all the--
all over the world with Mitch.
Alright?
Did you ever think you'’d
see him jump out of a clam?
Lord knows I would never think
-that I'’d see him
jump out of a clam.
-[LL laughs]
[laughs]
Like, that was
incredible, dude!
-Mitch: Thank you so much.
-I love you, man.
Kirstin:
You walked out
and Scott and I go,
-"He'’s beautiful!"
-[laughter]
Mitch, incredible job.
You can head over to the VIP.
[applause]
LL:
Wow.
That was just
our third course.
I hope you'’re still hungry,
'’cause desert is on its way.
And when we come back,
Kevin gets his chance
to sway the crowd
and snag the belt.
The battle continues.
-It'’s  LSB.
-I want a snack.
-LL: Let'’s get you
a snack!
-♪ All that you
can have, boy ♪
-LL: Let'’s get you fed!
♪ It takes two to make
a thing go right ♪
We'’re back at it,
and Pentatonix is
absolutely killing it.
Up next is a gifted singer.
My man, Kevin,
he plays the sax, cello, piano.
Let'’s see how he plans
to use his talents
to give a performance
that'’ll let him leave here
as a  Lip Sync Battle champ.
[cheers and applause]
Kevin:
I'’m ready to do this.
Oh, what'’s up, man?
Kristy is super competitive.
Scott and Mitch,
what I love about them,
is that they'’re so
creatively brilliant.
Not better than mine,
but I'’m proud of them
for trying to be me.
♪ ♪
I'’m definitely... [laughing]
playing a special card tonight.
I'’m really excited,
just '’cause...
you know, Chrissy'’s awesome.
And I think she will absolutely
get a kick out of this.
[laughs]
That was super successful.
That guy'’s great.
And everybody in the band'’s
gonna lose.
What more could you ask for?
All in a day'’s work.
Let'’s go, man.
Come on.
[cheers and applause]
[Love Me Now plays]
♪ Pulling me further ♪
♪ Further than
I'’ve been before ♪
♪ Making me stronger ♪
♪ Shaking me right
to the core, oh ♪
♪ I don'’t know
what'’s in the stars ♪
♪ Never heard it from above ♪
♪ The world isn'’t ours ♪
♪ But I know
what'’s in my heart ♪
♪ If you ain'’t mine,
I'’ll be torn apart ♪
♪ I don'’t know who's gonna
kiss you when I'’m gone ♪
♪ So I'’m gonna love you now ♪
♪ Like it'’s all I have ♪
♪ I know it'’ll kill me
when it'’s over ♪
♪ I don'’t wanna think about it ♪
♪ I want you to
love me now, oh ♪
♪ I don'’t know how
the years will go down ♪
♪ It'’s alright ♪
♪ Let'’s make the most ♪
♪ Of every moment tonight ♪
♪ I don'’t know who's gonna
kiss you when I'’m gone ♪
♪ So I'’m gonna love you now ♪
♪ Like it'’s all I have ♪
♪ And I know it'’ll kill me
when it'’s over ♪
♪ I don'’t wanna think about it ♪
♪ I just want to love you now ♪
-♪ Love me now ♪
-♪ Oh ♪
-♪ Oh, love you now ♪
♪ Oh ♪
[cheers and applause]
LL:
Oh!
I was wondering why I had
to leave stage for a little bit.
Now I get it!
-I had no idea!
-[Kevin laughs]
[cheers and applause]
-Chrissy: Aw!
-I mean, listen, you know
I'’m a Chrissy Teigen fan.
-I'’m-- I'm a fan.
-Oh my gosh.
I'’m a fan.
I had to do it for you.
-That was incred--
that-- I don'’t even.
-[Kevin laughs]
That was better
than the real thing.
-That was so sweet.
-[Kevin laughs]
-LL: So, so--
-It'’s so creepy!
It'’s creepy,
but it'’s so cool.
Like, you look just like him.
That'’s his exact piano, and...
-[crowd aww'’s]
-What are you doing tonight?
-[laughter]
-Scott: Oh my gosh!
Why did you choose that
particular song on  LSB?
I mean, first of all,
I love John Legend.
And I love that song.
I think the song'’s incredible.
He'’s an incredible artist.
Always been a fan
for a long time.
And she'’s right there.
She'’s right-- come on,
I had to do it in front of her.
-LL: Absolutely, absolutely.
-Kevin: I had to, come on.
John-- John is an
acapella baby,
and he adores you guys.
-So, thank you for that.
-Thank you!
-LL: Kirstin, Kirstin.
-Yes?
Alright, you know Kev well.
Did he try to pull a fast one?
-Doing a John Legend song?
-I'’m not a voter!
No, honestly,
it was brilliant.
I mean, like, Kevin is very,
like, charismatic and sweet,
and it was, like,
the perfect song ever.
We were sitting here
and we were like--
we'’re emotional, I think.
-Everyone, like,
hugging in the back.
-Yeah!
We'’re like, "This is beautiful
and romantic."
-It'’s so sweet.
-Alright!
-Kev, you can go
and walk over to the VIP.
-Thank you, thank you.
-[cheers and applause]
-Great job!
They make
beautiful music together,
but the four members
of Pentatonix
put a group thing
aside for a night,
to go it alone and step
into the  LSB spotlight.
And who takes home
this amazing belt, huh?
It'’s sexy, it's blingy.
And it'’s going on that
Pentatonix tour bus
with one of '’em
when we come back.
♪ I don'’t know who's gonna
kiss you when I'’m gone ♪
♪ So I'’m gonna love you now ♪
♪ Like it'’s all I have ♪
-♪ It takes two to make
a thing go right ♪
-[cheers and applause]
Welcome back to
Lip Sync Battle.
Tonight was pitch perfect.
We had Taylor Swift
with the snake,
the Ariana Grande workout,
and the Katy Perry buffet.
Plus, the legendary homage
to Chrissy'’s boo.
And for that,
we have to thank Kirstin,
Scott, Mitch and Kevin
of Pentatonix.
[cheers and applause]
But-- but...
there can only be one
Lip Sync Battle champ.
Alright?
-Chrissy, Chrissy.
-Yes?
-Let'’s do this.
-Yes, let'’s.
-[dramatic music plays]
-[cheering]
Is the champ Kirstin?
[cheers and applause]
Or is the  Lip Sync Battle
champ Scott?
[cheers and applause]
Is the  LSB champ Mitch?
Or is the  Lip Sync Battle
champ Kevin?
[loud cheers and applause]
[crowd chanting "Kevin"]
And the  Lip Sync Battle
champion is Kevin!
[wild cheers and applause]
LL:
Wow. Wow.
[inaudible]
Kevin, you are the new
Lip Sync Battle champion.
-Wow.
-How does it feel?
This is the most incredible
moment of my life.
Thank you guys so much.
I love you all so much.
[loud cheering]
Kevin:
Oh, lord.
-[crying]
-LL: Yo.
-I know, I know.
-He'’s gonna wear that
all the time now.
[laughter]
It'’s gonna be on the
Pentatonix tour bus for sure.
-Heck, yeah!
-Definitely.
A big thanks to Pentatonix
for coming through
and being a part of our
Lip Sync squad tonight.
A big shout-out to the
Lip Sync nation here
and at home.
One love from me, LL Cool J,
and Chrissy Teigen.
And remember,
whatever you do in life,
"Knock '’em out the box, L!
Knock '’em out, L!"
♪ I don'’t know who's gonna
kiss you when I'’m gone ♪
♪ So I'’m gonna love you now ♪
♪ Like it'’s all I have ♪
♪ I know it'’ll kill me
when it'’s over ♪
♪ I don'’t wanna
think about it ♪
♪ I want you to love me now ♪
♪ Love me now, love me now ♪
-♪ Love me now ♪
-♪ Oh, love me now ♪
♪ Oh ♪
LL:  Ladies and gentlemen,
Pentatonix!
[cheers and applause]